<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:ix="http://www.xbrl.org/2013/inlineXBRL"
      xmlns:mica="http://xbrl.esma.europa.eu/mica">
<head>
    <title>PayEUR EMT White Paper</title>
</head>
<body>
    <h1>Plain-Language Summary</h1>
    <p>
        <ix:nonNumeric name="mica:WhitepaperTitle" contextRef="c1">PayEUR EMT White Paper</ix:nonNumeric>
        This summary provides key information about the PayEUR e-money token.
        It is intended to support the prospective holder in making an informed decision.
        The summary covers the issuer as an authorised electronic money institution,
        the par-value redemption right of the holder, the principal risks, the safeguarding
        of funds received against issuance, and the technology underlying the token.
        The full white paper must be read alongside this summary.
    </p>
    
    <h1>Mandatory Risk Warning Statement</h1>
    <p>
        <ix:nonNumeric name="mica:RiskWarningStatement" contextRef="c1">
            The e-money token described in this white paper may lose its value in part or in full,
            may not always be transferable, and may not be liquid. The token is not covered by
            investor compensation. The risk of total loss is real.
        </ix:nonNumeric>
    </p>

    <h1>Information about the Issuer</h1>
    <p>
        <ix:nonNumeric name="mica:IssuerLegalName" contextRef="c1">PayEUR EMI GmbH</ix:nonNumeric>
        is the issuer of the e-money token. PayEUR EMI GmbH is a stock corporation organised
        under the laws of Germany. The registered office address is Kaiserstraße 12, 60311 Frankfurt.
    </p>

    <h1>Information about the Token</h1>
    <p>
        <ix:nonNumeric name="mica:CryptoAssetType" contextRef="c1">EMT</ix:nonNumeric>
        <ix:nonNumeric name="mica:CryptoAssetSymbol" contextRef="c1">PayEUR</ix:nonNumeric>
        The PayEUR is an e-money token within the meaning of Art. 3(1)(7) MiCAR.
        The referenced official currency is the euro. Each unit is denominated as one euro.
    </p>
</body>
</html>
